2022 Week 44 release (#337)
common-workflow-language/user_guide: src/introduction/prerequisites.md

- Windows

```{note}

> If you are using Windows, you will have to install the [Windows Subsystem for Linux 2](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install) (WSL2).
> Visit the `cwltool` [documentation](https://github.com/common-workflow-language/cwltool/blob/main/README.rst#ms-windows-users)
> for details on installing WSL2.

Author: Best not to link directly to the WSL2 install docs, as users will click that first and not follow all of the linked cwltool MS Windows installation directions

```suggestion
If you are using Windows, you will have to install the Windows Subsystem for Linux 2 as documented in the
[`cwltool` documentation for Microsoft Windows users](https://github.com/common-workflow-language/cwltool/blob/main/README.rst#ms-windows-users).
```

:name: installing-cwltool-with-pip-and-venv
:caption: Installing `cwltool` with `pip` and `venv`.

$ python3 -m venv venv
$ source venv/bin/activate
$ (venv) pip install -U pip setuptools wheel
$ (venv) pip install cwltool
```

```{note}

> You can find the `cwl-runner` [source code](https://github.com/common-workflow-language/cwltool/tree/main/cwlref-runner) in the `cwltool` repository.

Author: This entire line should be deleted

Reviewer: There was direct ask from Bruno to add this in.  And then it is better to indicated what the link is instead of saying "here".

:caption: Running `true.cwl` with `cwltool`.
```

> ### Cwl-runner Python Module

Reviewer 2: The current text may (very likely!) have been written by me :grimacing: The suggested text is less technical and easier to understand IMHO, so +1
